*Legal/80328837_1*

---

These terms of use constitute a legally binding agreement between you and us (as defined below). Please read these terms carefully to ensure that you understand and agree to all aspects of these terms before participating in any Token Purchase Activity (as defined below) or using the AqualisDAO Assets using any part of the Services (as defined below).

These terms and conditions, together with any documents and additional terms they expressly incorporate by reference, which includes any other terms and conditions or other agreement that Aqualis Foundation Limited (“AqualisDAO,” “we,” “us” and “our”) posts publicly or makes available to a person who engages in Token Purchase Activity (as defined below), acquiror of any AQL utility token (and WLAQL as its proxy for AQL utility tokens) (hereinafter “AQL Governance Utility Token”) including any subsequent acquiror of any AQL Governance Utility Token, a user of the AqualisDAO platform and/or the Services (as defined below), you or the company or other legal entity you represent (collectively “you” or “your”) (collectively, these “terms”), are entered into between AqualisDAO and you concerning the AQL Governance Utility Token, any Token Purchase Activity, your use of, and access to, AqaulisDAO platform, AqualisDAO websites, PrimeDAO token pre-sale launch websites, web applications; mobile applications; network and operations; and all associated sites linked thereto by AqualisDAO or its affiliates and Services (together with any materials and services available therein, and successor website(s) or application(s)) (collectively, "AqualisDAO Assets"). You hereby acknowledge and agree that AqualisDAO may change these terms and conditions at any time, at our sole discretion without any prior notice to you. Any changes will be effective immediately upon posting on the website. Your continued use of the AqualisDAO Assets will constitute acceptance of any new or modified terms.

You represent and warrant that you will not use the AqualisDAO Assets if the laws applicable to you or due to your country of residency and/or citizenship prohibit you from doing so in accordance with these terms. Any participation in, involvement in, enquiry made with respect to, receipt of information in respect of, request to purchase, and/or purchase of AQL Governance Utility Tokens, including pursuant to the AqualisDAO whitelist sale, pre-token sale, token sale and associated contracts (each a "Token Purchase Activity" and collectively the "Token Purchase Activities"), is not allowed by (i) persons under the age of 18 or (ii) persons or entities who reside in, or are citizens of, are located in, are incorporated in, or have a registered office in the United States of America (collectively, “US Persons”) or any place in which it would not be lawful to engage in any Token Purchase Activity ("Restricted Territory"), (any such person or entity from the United States of America or a Restricted Territory, being a “Restricted Person”). No action has been taken to register or qualify the AQL Governance Utility Token or Token Purchase Activity in any jurisdiction and you represent and warrant that you are a person who can access and use the AqualisDAO Assets and to who can engage in Token Purchase Activity without any requirement to register or qualify the AQL Governance Utility Token or any Token Purchase Activity, in the place where you reside or are located in and in the place where any person on whose behalf you act resides or is located in. **If you are a Restricted Person, do not attempt to use the AqualisDAO Assets or participate in any Token Purchase Activity**. Use of a virtual private network (“VPN”) to circumvent the restrictions set forth herein is prohibited. Pursuant to applicable laws and regulations, AqualisDAO maintains the right to select its markets and jurisdictions to operate and may restrict or deny the use of the site or any part thereof, in certain countries at its discretion.

Aqualis Foundation Limited is a registered company in the British Virgin Islands ("BVI") and unless otherwise stated, the laws of the BVI govern the use and access to the AqualisDAO Assets and the Token Purchase Activities. You hereby irrevocably submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the BVI. You hereby irrevocably waive any objection to the venue of any legal process on the basis that the process has been brought in an inconvenient forum.


<br>
<div style="text-align: center; font-weight: 700;">
Whitelist Sale Terms & Conditions
</div>

<span style="text-decoration: underline">Applicability:</span>

1. WLAQL is an ERC20 token which serves as a proxy for AQL Governance Utility Tokens while the main AQL Governance Utility Token undergoes development. WLAQL's only utility is being swapped at a 1:1 ratio for AQL Governance Utility Tokens at a token generation event ("TGE"), whenever this may be. There is no guarantee that a TGE will ultimately occur.

<span style="text-decoration: underline">Services:</span>

2. AqualisDAO utilizes a decentralised autonomous organization ("DAO") approach which will be controlled by the AQL Governance Utility Token. Over time the holders of the AQL Governance Utility Tokens will have the ability to participate in exclusive governance functions relating to the AqualisDAO platform. AqualisDAO will publicly announce these functionalities as and when they go live. Over time the holders of the AQL Governance Utility Token will have the ability to stake their AQL Governance Utility Token within the AqualisDAO platform. AqualisDAO will publicly announce the staking functionality as and when they go live.
3. AqualisDAO is an ecosystem of defi products that will include a stablecoin only autonomous market maker or "amm" with no price impact, a time-weighted compounding reward system (staking), fully integrated lending capabilities, cross chain stablecoin trading and lending and other capabilities.
4. Initially based on the Ethereum platform, it also plans to provide cross-chain functionality in future releases.
5. Whitelisted addresses enable participation/contribution in the AqualisDAO whitelist sale.
6. AqualisDAO and the AQL Governance Utility Token do not have the legal qualification as a security since it does not give any rights on dividends or interest, any ownership right or stake, share or equivalent rights, any right to receive future revenue shares relating to AqualisDAO, and does not provide any expectation of profits or any expectation of profits to be derived from the efforts of others. AQL Governance Utility Token, therefore, is not a share and does not give any right to participate in the general meetings of AqualisDAO. The AQL Governance Utility Token is final and non-refundable. The acquirement and use of the AQL Governance Utility Token shall not be done for speculative usage.
7. The AQL Governance Utility Token can be purchased by whitelisted addresses during the whitelist pre-sale from the PrimeDAO portal.
8. AqualisDAO gives no warranties that the AQL Governance Utility Token will be exchangeable on specific platforms or that they shall remain exchangeable on exchange platforms or that they would be exchangeable on other exchanges.
9. No documents or any written information (including information accessed on or through the AqualisDAO Assets) relating to any Token Purchase Activity, AqualisDAO Assets and/or AQL Governance Utility Token ("AQL Information") constitute investment advice, a recommendation or opinion relating to the relevant Token Purchase Activity or AQL Governance Utility Token. AqualisDAO gives no guarantees as to the value of any of the AQL Governance Utility Token and explicitly warns users that there is no reason to believe that AQL Governance Utility Token will increase in value. By engaging in any Token Purchase Activity and acquiring an AQL Governance Utility Token you expressly acknowledge and understand the risks associated with those actions including that the AQL Governance Utility Token may decrease in value or lose their value entirely. You hereby acknowledge and agree that no AQL Information provides any expectation of profits or any expectation of profits to be derived from the efforts of others. You represent and warrant, that you are acquiring AQL Governance Utility Tokens for your own personal use and for your personal utility and not for investment or financial purposes. You also represent and warrant that you do not consider AqualisDAO and the AQL Governance Utility Token as a security.
10. AQL Governance Utility Tokens are unregulated. AqualisDAO is not a financial institution and is currently not under supervision of any financial supervisory authority. AqualisDAO does not provide any licensed financial services, such as investment services, fund management or investment advice. None of the information or analysis presented herein or in any AQL Information are intended to form the basis for any investment decision, no specific recommendations are intended, and AqualisDAO, its website and AQL Governance Utility Token do not offer, are not and shall not be construed as investment or financial products. In the event of any regulatory changes that may impact the AQL Governance Utility Token, AqualisDAO reserves the right to amend its Services, the AqualisDAO Assets and the AQL Governance Utility Token.

<span style="text-decoration: underline">
Whitelist token distribution
</span>

11. The whitelist token distribution is not a public offering of equity or debt and consequently does not fall under the securities or any prospectus regulation. You can make contribution into a smart contract system in ether (or acceptable digital assets) and receive AQL Governance Utility Token in exchange. AqualisDAO reserves the right to amend acceptable digital asset or fiat at any time, based on its sole discretion. All acquirement of AQL Governance Utility Token shall be publicly accessible via the Ethereum blockchain browser or applicable networks.

<span style="text-decoration: underline">
Knowledge required
</span>

12. When purchasing AQL Governance Utility Tokens, you expressly acknowledge and represent that you have carefully reviewed the terms and conditions and fully understand the risks, costs and benefits associated with the acquisition of the AQL Governance Utility Token as indicated in the terms and conditions.
13. In acquiring AQL Governance Utility Tokens pursuant to the whitelist sale, you should ensure that you understand and have significant experience in cryptocurrencies, blockchain systems and services, and that you fully understand the risks associated with the whitelist sale as well as the mechanism related to the use and custody of cryptocurrencies.
14. AqualisDAO shall not be responsible for any loss of AQL Governance Utility Token or situations making it impossible to access the AQL Governance Utility Token, which may result in any actions or omissions of the future user or any person undertaking to acquire AQL Governance Utility Token.
15. AqualisDAO is not a provider of (a) exchange services between virtual currency and fiat currency; (b) wallet or custodial services of credentials necessary to access virtual currencies; or (c) cryptocurrency mining services. You expressly agree and acknowledge that anytime throughout the duration of these terms, AQL Governance Utility Token may require material, technical, commercial or any other changes and you understand that an upgrade or modification of the AQL Governance Utility Token may be required. If you decide not to participate in such upgrade, you acknowledge and agree that non- upgraded AQL Governance Utility Tokens may lose their functionality in full and that they may no longer use the AQL Governance Utility Token.

<span style="text-decoration: underline">
Risks
</span>

16. **Development failure or abortion.** Acquiring and storing AQL Governance Utility Tokens involves various risks, in particular that AqualisDAO may not be able to launch some operations and continue developing its platform or community. Therefore, and prior to acquiring AQL Governance Utility Token, you should carefully consider the risks, costs, and benefits of acquiring AQL Governance Utility Tokens within the whitelist sale, and, if necessary, obtain independent advice in this regard. Any interested person who is not in the position to accept nor to understand the risks associated with the activity (incl. the risks related to the non-development of AqualisDAO Assets) or any other risks as indicated in the terms and conditions, should not acquire AQL Governance Utility Token, at this stage or later.
17. **Legal risk concerning security regulation.** There is a risk that in some jurisdictions AQL Governance Utility Token might be considered as a security, now or in the future. AqualisDAO does not give warranties or guarantees that AQL Governance Utility Tokens are not a security in all jurisdictions. Each user of an AQL Governance Utility Token shall bear its own legal or financial consequences of an AQL Governance Utility Token being considered a security in their respective jurisdiction. The legal ability of AqualisDAO to provide AQL Governance Utility Token in some jurisdictions may be eliminated by future regulation. In the event of any high degree of certainty that AQL Governance Utility Token are not legal in certain jurisdictions, AqualisDAO will, based on its sole discretion, either: (a) cease operations in that jurisdiction, or (b) adjust AQL Governance Utility Token in a way to comply with the regulations should that be possible and viable. It is your obligation to check if the acquisition and disposal of AQL Governance Utility Token is legal in your jurisdiction, and by accepting these terms you expressly agree and warrant that you will not use AQL Governance Utility Token should their use not be legal in the relevant jurisdiction.
18. **Risk of malfunction of blockchain.** Nobody can guarantee the Ethereum source code used by AqualisDAO will be flaw-free. It may contain certain flaws, errors, defects and bugs, which may disable some functionality for users, expose users’ information or otherwise. Such flaw would compromise the usability and/or security of AqualisDAO and consequently have an adverse impact on the value of AqualisDAO open source codes which rely on transparency to promote community-sourced identification and solution of problems within the code.
19. **Update of the source code.** The Ethereum source code may be updated, amended, altered or modified from time to time by the developers and/or the open-source community of Ethereum. Nobody is able to foresee or guarantee the precise result of such update, amendment, alteration or modification. As a result, any update, amendment, alteration or modification could lead to an unexpected or unintended outcome that adversely affects AQL Governance Utility Token and/or AqualisDAO Asset operation or market value.
20. **Internet transmission risks.** You acknowledge that there are risks associated with utilizing internet-based digital assets, products and websites including, but not limited to, the failure of hardware, software, and internet connections. You acknowledge that the AqualisDAO shall not be responsible for any communication failures, disruptions, errors, distortions or delays you may experience when using the AqualisDAO Assets and/or AQL Governance Utility Tokens, howsoever caused.
21. **Cryptography risks.** You acknowledge that there are risks associated with cryptography, such as code cracking or technical advances such as the development of quantum computers, which could present risks to all crypto-currencies including AQL Governance Utility Token. This could result in the theft, loss, disappearance, destruction or devaluation of AQL Governance Utility Tokens. To a reasonable extent, AqualisDAO will be prepared to take proactive or remedial steps to update the protocol underlying AqualisDAO in response to any advances in cryptography and to incorporate additional reasonable security measures where appropriate and viable. It is impossible to predict the future of cryptography or the future of security innovations to an extent that would permit the AqualisDAO to accurately guide the development of AqualisDAO Assets to take into account such unforeseeable changes in the domains of cryptography or security.
22. **Forking.** Ethereum is an open-source project and supported by the community. The developers of the AqualisDAO Assets and AQL Governance Utility Token do not lead the development, marketing, operation or otherwise of Ethereum. Anybody may develop a patch or upgrade of the source code of Ethereum’s source without prior authorization of anyone else. The acceptance of Ethereum patches or upgrades by a significant, but not overwhelming, percentage of the users could result in a “fork” in the blockchain of Ethereum, and consequently the operation of two separate networks and will remain separate until the forked blockchains are merged. The temporary or permanent existence of forked blockchains could adversely impact the operation and the market value of the AQL Governance Utility Token and in the worst-case scenario, could ruin the sustainability of the AqualisDAO Assets and AQL Governance Utility Token. While such a fork in the blockchain of Ethereum would possibly be resolved by community-led efforts to merge the forked blockchains, the success is not guaranteed and could take long period of time to achieve.
23. **Risk of unfavourable regulatory action in one or more jurisdictions.** Blockchain technologies have been the subject of scrutiny by various regulatory bodies around the world. AQL Governance Utility Token could be impacted by one or more regulatory inquiries or actions, including but not limited to restrictions on the use or possession of AQL Governance Utility Token, which could impede or limit their existence, permissibility of their use and possession, and their value.
24. **Risk of theft and hacking.** Hackers or other groups or organizations may attempt to interfere with your third-party wallet, the website or the availability of AQL Governance Utility Token in any number of ways, including without limitation denial of service attacks, sybil attacks, cross-chain bridged attacks, spoofing, smurfing, malware attacks, or consensus-based attacks.
25. **Risk of mining attacks.** Ethereum blockchain, which is used for the AQL Governance Utility Token, is susceptible to mining attacks, including but not limited to double-spend attacks, majority mining power attacks, “selfish-mining” attacks, and race condition attacks. Mining attacks, as described above, may also target other blockchain networks, with which the AQL Governance Utility Token interacts with. Any successful attacks present a risk to the AQL Governance Utility Token.
26. **Risk of loss of value and uninsured losses.** The value of AQL Governance Utility Tokens may fluctuate, and you may suffer loss in value of such acquired AQL Governance Utility Token. In addition to loss of value risk, AQL Governance Utility Token are entirely uninsured and are unlike bank accounts or accounts at some other financial institutions.
27. **Unanticipated risks.** Cryptocurrencies and blockchain technologies are new and untested technology and in addition to the risks outlined in these terms, there are also unforeseeable risks that may materialize as unanticipated.
28. You acknowledge, agree and warrant that you have been warned of the potential risks involved by using the services, partnered services, website and product and other relevant technologies mentioned herein as well that there may be other risks involved, which are not specified herein and that you fully accept and acknowledge such risks when participating in any Token Purchase Activity, in dealing in any AQL Governance Utility Tokens or using and accessing any AqualisDAO Assets.

<span style="text-decoration: underline">
Important disclaimer
</span>

29. These terms and conditions and AQL Information shall not and cannot be considered as an invitation to enter into an investment. They do not constitute or relate in any way nor should they be considered as an offering of securities in any jurisdiction. The terms and conditions and AQL Information do not include or contain any information or indication that might be considered as a recommendation or that might be used to base any investment decision. This document and the AQL Information in no way, constitutes an offer or an invitation to sell shares, securities or rights in AqualisDAO or any related parties or associated parties to AqualisDAO. The whitelist sale will be used as an entry ticket and is required to qualify for direct access to the AQL Governance Utility Token when it is ultimately accessible and is not intended to be used as an investment.
30. Any information in the terms and conditions and AQL Information is given for general information purpose only and AqualisDAO does not provide with any warranty as to the accuracy and completeness of this information.
31. The offering of AQL Governance Utility Tokens is done in order to allow the utilization of software services and not for speculative or investment purposes.
32. The AqualisDAO foundation/limited company “Aqualis Foundation Limited” will be an overseeing entity managing the AQL Assets. AqualisDAO is not a financial intermediary according to federation law and is not required to obtain any authorization for anti money laundering purpose.
33. All information provided in connection with your access and use of the AqualisDAO Assets and the Token Purchase Activities is for informational purposes only and should not be construed as professional advice. You should not take, or refrain from taking, any action based on any information contained in the AQL Information or any other information that we make available at any time, including, without limitation, blog posts, articles, links to third-party content, discord content, discourse posts, news feeds, newsletters, tutorials, tweets and videos. Before you make any financial, legal, or other decisions involving the AqualisDAO Assets or AQL Governance Utility Token, you should seek independent professional advice from an individual who is licensed and qualified in the area for which such advice would be appropriate. These terms and conditions are not intended to, and do not, create or impose any fiduciary duties on us. You further agree that the only duties and obligations that we owe you are those set out expressly in these terms and conditions.
34. Regulatory authorities are carefully scrutinizing businesses and operations associated to cryptocurrencies in the world. In that respect, regulatory measures, investigations or actions may affect AqualisDAO's business and even limit or prevent it from developing its operations in the future.
35. Any person undertaking to acquire AQL Governance Utility Token must be aware that the AqualisDAO business model and the terms and conditions may change or need to be modified because of new regulatory and compliance requirements from any applicable laws in any jurisdictions. In such case, any person undertaking to acquire AQL Governance Utility Tokens acknowledges and understands that neither AqualisDAO nor any of its affiliates shall be held liable for any direct or indirect loss or damages caused by such changes.
36. AqualisDAO will do its best to launch its operations and develop the AqualisDAO Assets. Any person undertaking to acquire AQL Governance Utility Tokens acknowledges and understands that AqualisDAO does not provide any guarantee that it will manage to achieve it.
37. Acquiring AQL Governance Utility Tokens shall not grant any right or influence over AqualisDAO's organization to any person holding AQL Governance Utility Tokens. These tokens will be issued by a technical process referred to as a «blockchain». This is an open source it protocol over which AqualisDAO has no rights or liability in terms of its development and operation. The token distribution mechanism will be controlled by a smart contract; this involves a computer program that can be executed on the Ethereum network or on another «blockchain» network that is compatible with the smart contract programming language. You acknowledge and understand therefore that AqualisDAO (incl. its bodies and employees) assumes no liability or responsibility for any loss or damage that would result from or relate to the incapacity to use the AQL Governance Utility Token except in the case of intentional misconduct or gross negligence.
38. AQL Governance Utility Token is based on the Ethereum protocol. Therefore, any malfunction, unplanned function or unexpected operation of the Ethereum protocol may cause the AQL Governance Utility Token network to malfunction or operate in a way that is not expected.

<span style="text-decoration: underline">
Eligibility, representation and warranties
</span>

39. You must be at least 18 years old to use the AqualisDAO Assets and/or engage in any Token Purchase Activity. By using the AqualisDAO Assets and/or engaging in any Token Purchase Activity, you represent and warrant that you: (a) are at least 18 years old; (b) you have full power and authority to enter into this agreement; (c) have not been previously suspended or removed from using the AqualisDAO Assets; and (d) have not been placed on any of the sanctions lists, published and maintained by the United Nations, European Union ("EU"), any EU country, UK treasury and US office of foreign assets control ("OFAC").

<span style="text-decoration: underline">
Restricted Use Areas
</span>

40. If you are using the AqualisDAO Assets and/or engaging in any Token Purchase Activity on behalf of a legal entity, you represent and warrant that: (a) such legal entity is duly organized and validly existing under the applicable laws of the jurisdiction of its organization; (b) you are duly authorized by such legal entity to act on its behalf; and (c) any beneficial owner of the legal entity, director, employee, services provider or any other individual in any way connected with the AqualisDAO has not been placed on any of the sanctions lists, published and maintained by the United Nations, EU, any EU country, UK treasury and OFAC;
41. By participating and engaging in any Token Purchase Activity, you agree to the terms and conditions and in particular, you represent and warrant that you:
    A. are authorized and have full power to acquire AQL Governance Utility Token according to the laws that apply in your jurisdiction of domicile;
    B. are not a US Person nor are you purchasing AQL Governance Utility Token or signing on behalf of a US Person;
    C. are not a Chinese resident nor are you purchasing AQL Governance Utility Token or signing on behalf of a Chinese resident;
    D. are familiar with all related regulations in the specific jurisdiction in which you are domiciled and that purchasing cryptographic tokens (including the AQL Governance Utility Token) in that jurisdiction is not prohibited, restricted or subject to additional conditions of any kind (including any registration or qualification requirements);
    E. are not acting for the purpose of speculative investment;
    F. live in a jurisdiction which allows AqualisDAO to sell the AQL Governance Utility Token through a crowdsale without requiring any local authorization, registration or prospectus requirement;
    G. do not live in a jurisdiction which is qualifying tokens (such as the AQL Governance Utility Token) issued through a crowd sale as securities;
    H. will not use the whitelist sale for any illegal activity, including but not limited to money laundering and the financing of terrorism;
    I. are solely responsible for determining whether the acquisition of AQL Governance Utility Token is appropriate for you;
    J. are acquiring AQL Governance Utility Token exclusively for use of the AqualisDAO Assets;
    K. understand the risks associated with the whitelist sale (incl. the risks related tom the non- development of AqualisDAO Assets) and understand the use of cryptocurrencies and its associated risks;
    L. acknowledge and accept that the AQL Governance Utility Token crowdsale is taking place within the federation legal environment that is still under development; and
    M. shall not violate or attempt to violate the security of the AqualisDAO and AQL Governance Utility Token and you will not hack into, interfere with, disrupt, disable, over-burden, modify, publish, reverse engineer, participate in the transfer or sale, create derivative works from, or otherwise impair the AqualisDAO Assets and AQL Governance Utility Token.

AqualisDAO shall have the right to implement necessary measures to monitor compliance of this section.

<span style="text-decoration: underline">
Intellectual property rights
</span>

42. the AqualisDAO website and the services are governed by the most recent version of the open-source license commonly known as the “gnu general public license v3.0” a copy of which (as it applies to the websites and the services) can be found at https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.en.html (as of the date these terms were last updated) and any other applicable licensing terms for the website and the services in these terms (collectively, the “AqualisDAO license”). You acknowledge that the website or the services may use, incorporate or link to certain open-source components and that your use of the website or services is subject to, and you will comply with any, applicable open-source licenses that govern any such open-source components (collectively, “open-source licenses”). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, you may not (a) resell, lease, lend, share, distribute, or otherwise permit any third party to use the website or the services; (b) use the website or the services for time-sharing or service bureau purposes; or (c) otherwise use the website or the services in a manner that violates the AqualisDAO license or any other open-source licenses.
43. to the extent that copyright or other intellectual property rights exist on the AqualisDAO platform, website, AQL utility token and services such as software, know-how, analysis or programs, those copyrights and other intellectual and industrial rights belong to AqualisDAO. Under no circumstances will these terms be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, a license to any intellectual property or components thereof other than as specifically granted in these terms. You agree that AqualisDAO’s intellectual property may be used only as provided in these terms. All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.

<span style="text-decoration: underline">
Disclaimer of warranties
</span>

44. To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, the AqualisDAO Assets and AQL Governance Utility Tokens are provided on an “as is,” and “as available” basis, without warranties of any kind. No warranty of any kind, express, implied or statutory, including implied warranties of condition, uninterrupted use, merchantability, satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement of third- party rights, and warranties (if any) arising from a course of dealing, usage, or trade practice, is given in conjunction with the AqualisDAO Assets, AQL Governance Utility Token, any software or tolles contained in website, and in general.
45. AqualisDAO does not warrant that the AqualisDAO Assets and/or AQL Governance Utility Token will be error-free or uninterrupted or that any defects will be corrected in reasonable time. You acknowledge that your use of the AqualisDAO Assets and/or AQL Governance Utility Token is at your sole risk.
46. While reasonable efforts are made to ensure that AQL Information is correct, AqualisDAO disclaims all warranties regarding the accuracy, adequacy, correctness, completeness, reliability, timeliness, non-infringement, title, merchantability or fitness of any AQL Information.
47. AqualisDAO does not guarantee the confidentiality or privacy of any communication or information transmitted through the AqualisDAO Assets or any site linked to the AqualisDAO website. We will not be liable for the privacy or security of information, e-mail addresses, registration and any identification information (if applicable), disk space, communications, confidential or proprietary information, or any other content transmitted to us in any manner, or otherwise connected with your use of the AqualisDAO Assets and/or AQL Governance Utility Token.
48. AqualisDAO shall not bear any liability, whatsoever, for any damage or interruptions caused by any computer viruses, spyware, scareware, trojan horses, worms or other malware that may affect your computer or other equipment, or any phishing, spoofing or other attack. We advise the regular use of a reputable and readily available virus screening and prevention software. You should also be aware that email services are vulnerable to spoofing and phishing attacks and should use care in reviewing messages purporting to originate from AqualisDAO. Always log into your account through the website to review any transactions or required actions, if you have any uncertainty regarding the authenticity of any communication or notice.

<span style="text-decoration: underline">
Limitation of liability
</span>

49. AqualisDAO, as well as its founders, contributors, officers, directors, agents, joint ventures, employees, suppliers and advisors, assumes no liability or responsibility for any loss incurred from the Token Purchase Activities, AQL Information, arising out of or related to the use of the AqualisDAO Assets or any technical, interruption or malfunction of the AqualisDAO Assets and/or AQL Governance Utility Token or otherwise. In no event shall AqualisDAO, as well as its founders, contributors, officers, directors, agents, joint ventures, employees, suppliers and advisors, be liable for any special, indirect, incidental, punitive or consequential damages of any kind whatsoever, including without limitation any damages caused by or resuming from reliance by any user or any information obtained from AqualisDAO (including from the AQL Information), or that result from mistakes, omissions, interruptions, deletion of files or email, errors, defects, viruses, delays in operation or transmission or any failure of performance, whether or not resulting from a force majeure event, suspension of Ethereum network communication failure, theft, destruction or unauthorized access to AqualisDAO’s records, AqualisDAO Assets and/or AQL Governance Utility Token. In addition to the above, AqualisDAO shall not be liable for any consequential losses including any loss of profit, loss of business, trading losses, loss in value, or any other loss. This applies even if such damages are foreseeable.
50. The limitation of liability set out above is subject to the maximum extent permitted by law.
51. Each party acknowledges that the fees payable hereunder reflects the allocation of risk set forth in the agreement and that each party would not enter into the agreement without these limitations on liability.

<span style="text-decoration: underline">
Indemnification
</span>

52. To the maximum extent permitted by law, you will defend, indemnify and hold AqualisDAO, its affiliates and licensors and its founders, contributors, officers, directors, contractors, employees, advisors, agents and representatives, harmless from and against all claims, actions, demands, liabilities, damages, losses, costs and expenses (including legal fees) relating to or arising from (a) your use of AqualisDAO Assets, AQL Information and/or AQL Governance Utility Token; (b) your breach of these terms and conditions or the use by any other person accessing the AqualisDAO Assets, AQL Information and/or AQL Governance Utility Token using your computer and/or your personal information; (c) your violation of any rights of any other person or entity in connection with these terms and conditions; and (d) third-party claims concerning these terms or you thereof. You will promptly notify us of any third-party claims, actions, or proceedings which you become aware of that involves AqualisDAO as a result of these terms and conditions. AqualisDAO may participate with counsel of its own choosing in any proceedings describing above. If AqualisDAO will be required to respond to any compulsory legal order, you will reimburse AqualisDAO for reasonable attorney and contractors fees for their time and material spent responding to obligatory legal orders. You will not agree to any settlement which imposes any obligation or liability for AqualisDAO without AqualisDAO’s prior written consent.

<span style="text-decoration: underline">
Links to other websites
</span>

53. The AqualisDAO Assets and/or AQL Governance Utility Token may include links to third party websites, third party wallet providers or other service providers (“third party sites”). If you use any links to third party sites, you will leave the AqualisDAO Assets. The linked sites are not under the control of the AqualisDAO and AqualisDAO is not responsible for the content of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site. The linked sites are governed by the terms and conditions of that site.
54. AqualisDAO shall not be responsible or liable, either directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused in connection with your use or reliance on any such content, information, statements, representations, advertising, products, services or other materials available on or through third party sites. AqualisDAO provides these links to you only as a convenience and the inclusion of any link does not imply recommendation, approval or endorsement by AqualisDAO of third party sites, nor does it imply that the linked third party sites recommends, approves of, or endorses AqualisDAO, AqualisDAO Assets, AQL Information and/or AQL Governance Utility Token.

<span style="text-decoration: underline">
Feedback
</span>

55. In connection with your use of our AqualisDAO Assets and/or AQL Governance Utility Token, you may provide us with your feedback (suggestions, ideas, reviews, comments, material and questions or other information and/or material). We will own exclusive rights, including all intellectual property rights, to any feedback, suggestions, ideas or other information or materials you provide to us, whether by email, posting through our services, website, platform or otherwise. You waive any rights you may have to the feedback (including any copyrights to the extent permitted by law) and feedback you provide to us is non-confidential, non-proprietary and is not subject to a third-party license and we have no liability for any loss or damage suffered by you as a result of the disclosure or use of such feedback. We have the right to disclose your identity to any third-party who is claiming that any content posted by you constitutes a violation of their intellectual property rights, or of their right to privacy. We have the right to remove any posting you make on our website if, in our opinion, your post does not comply with the content standards set out in this section.

<span style="text-decoration: underline">
Term and termination
</span>

56. This agreement is entered into for unlimited duration. We reserve the right to terminate and/or suspend your access to AqualisDAO Assets and/or AQL Governance Utility Token, without giving you prior written notice and delete all related information and files related to your use of our AqualisDAO Assets and/or AQL Governance Utility Token, without liability to us, at any time for any reason, including, but not limited to, if based on our sole discretion believe: (i) you have violated these terms, or (ii) you create risk or possible legal exposure for us.

<span style="text-decoration: underline">
Notices
</span>

57. You agree and consent to receive electronically all communications, agreements, documents, receipts, notices and disclosures (collectively, "communications”) that AqualisDAO provides in connection with your use of AqualisDAO Assets and/or AQL Governance Utility Token. You acknowledge and agree that AqualisDAO may provide these communications to you by posting them on its website or by emailing them to you at the email address you provide. Any email communication will be considered to be received by you within 24 hours after we email it to you and communication via our website will be effective upon posting. You should maintain copies of electronic communications by printing a paper copy or saving an electronic copy.
58. It is your responsibility to keep your email address with AqualisDAO up to date so that AqualisDAO can communicate with you electronically. You understand and agree that if AqualisDAO sends you an electronic communication, but you do not receive it because your email address is incorrect, out of date, blocked by your service provider, or you are otherwise unable to receive electronic communications, AqualisDAO will be deemed to have provided the communication to you. Please note that if you use a spam filter that blocks or re-routes emails from senders not listed in your email address book, you must add the AqualisDAO to your email address book so that you will be able to receive the communications we send to you.

<span style="text-decoration: underline">
Taxes
</span>

59. You are solely responsible and liable to declare, bear and pay all taxes, duties, imposts, levies, tariffs and surcharges that might be imposed by the laws and regulations of any jurisdiction as a result of AqualisDAO Assets and/or AQL Governance Utility Token or any other AqualisDAO product. AqualisDAO is not giving any advice regarding tax issues and is not responsible for determining any tax implications connected with its AqualisDAO Assets and/or AQL Governance Utility Token. AqualisDAO makes no representation as to the tax implication of any jurisdiction. You shall be solely liable for all such penalties, claims, fines, punishments, liabilities or otherwise arising from his/her underpayment, undue payment or belated payment of any applicable tax.
60. All fees and charges payable by you to AqualisDAO are exclusive of any taxes and if certain taxes shall be applicable, they shall be added on top of applicable amount. Upon our request, you will provide us any information we reasonably request to determine whether we are obligated to collect vat from you, including your TFN or VAT identification number. If any deduction or withholding is required by law, you will notify us and will pay us any additional amounts necessary to ensure that the net amount that we receive, after any deduction and withholding, equals the amount we would have received if no deduction or withholding had been required. Additionally, you will provide us with documentation showing that the withheld and deducted amounts have been paid to the relevant taxing authority.

<span style="text-decoration: underline">
Severability
</span>

61. If any of the provisions of the terms and conditions of the agreement are deemed to be invalid, void or unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall continue in full force and effect.

<span style="text-decoration: underline">
Dispute resolution & arbitration
</span>

62. Please read the following section carefully because it requires you to arbitrate certain disputes and claims with AqualisDAO and limits how you can seek relief from AqualisDAO. Also, arbitration precludes you from suing in court or having a jury trial.
63. You and AqualisDAO agree that any dispute arising out of or related to these terms or the AqualisDAO services is personal to you and AqualisDAO and that any dispute will be resolved solely through individual action, and will not be brought as a class arbitration, class action, or any other type of representative proceeding.
64. You and AqualisDAO waive your rights to a jury trial and to have any dispute arising out of or related to these terms or the services resolved in court. Instead, for any dispute or claim that you have against AqualisDAO (together with its members, its service providers, its affiliates, and their respective founders, contributors, officers, directors, agents, joint ventures, employees, suppliers and / or advisors) or relating in any way to the services, you agree to first contact AqualisDAO and attempt to resolve the claim informally by sending a written notice of your claim (“notice”) to AqualisDAO by email at hello@Aqualis.io. The notice must (a) include your name, residence address, email address, and telephone number; (b) describe the nature and basis of the claim; and (c) set forth the specific relief sought. Our notice to you will be similar in form to that described above. If you and AqualisDAO cannot reach an agreement to resolve the claim within thirty (45) days after such notice is received, then either party may submit the dispute to binding arbitration.
65. The arbitrator, AqualisDAO, and you will maintain the confidentiality of any arbitration proceedings, judgments and awards, including, but not limited to, all information gathered, prepared, and presented for purposes of the arbitration or related to the dispute(s) therein. The arbitrator will have the authority to make appropriate rulings to safeguard confidentiality unless the law provides to the contrary. The duty of confidentiality does not apply to the extent that disclosure is necessary to prepare for or conduct the arbitration hearing on the merits, in connection with a court application for a preliminary remedy or in connection with a judicial challenge to an arbitration award or its enforcement, or to the extent that disclosure is otherwise required by law or judicial decision.
66. You and AqualisDAO agree that for any arbitration you initiate, you will pay the filing fee and all other costs. For any arbitration initiated by AqualisDAO, AqualisDAO will pay all fees and costs.
67. Any claim arising out of or related to these terms or the services must be filed within one year after such claim arose; otherwise, the claim is permanently barred, which means that you and AqualisDAO will not have the right to assert the claim.
68. If any portion of this section (*dispute resolution & arbitration*) is found to be unenforceable or unlawful for any reason, (a) the unenforceable or unlawful provision shall be severed from these terms; (b) severance of the unenforceable or unlawful provision shall have no impact whatsoever on the remainder of this section or the parties’ ability to compel arbitration of any remaining claims on an individual basis under this section; and (c) to the extent that any claims must therefore proceed on a class, collective, consolidated, or representative basis, such claims must be litigated in a civil court of competent jurisdiction and not in arbitration, and the parties agree that litigation of those claims shall be stayed pending the outcome of any individual claims in arbitration. Further, if any part of this section is found to prohibit an individual claim seeking public injunctive relief, then that provision will have no effect to the extent such relief is allowed to be sought out of arbitration, and the remainder of this section will be enforceable.
69. Any arbitral proceedings shall be conducted in English.

<span style="text-decoration: underline">
Privacy
</span>

70. **Security measures.** We protect your information using physical, technical, and administrative security measures to reduce the risks of loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, and alteration. Some of the safeguards we use are firewalls and data encryption, physical access controls to our data centres, and information access authorization controls. We also authorize access to personal information only for those employees who require it to fulfill their job responsibilities.
71. **Usage and sharing.** We use personal information to provide our services and products, for administering our business activities, to communicate with you, to promote safety and security (we use personal information for loss prevention, anti- fraud and/or unauthorized activity and to enforce these terms) and to provide you with customer service, technical support, for audit purposes, to prevent and investigate potentially prohibited or illegal activates and to notify you about improvements to our website and new services we think you will find useful. We can use personal information so as to mitigate the risk of fraud, identity theft or credit card theft. We may use your name and email address to provide you with information about products or services that may be of interest to you. You may access, review and edit your personal information or ask us to delete your personal information at any time by logging in to the website using your credentials or by emailing us at: hello@Aqualis.io. We may also create anonymous, aggregated and/or other de-identified data records (“anonymous information”) from information that you provide to us by excluding information (such as your name) that makes the information personally identifiable to you. We use this anonymous information to analyze request and usage patterns so that we may enhance the content of the services and to improve site navigation. We reserve the right to use anonymous information for any purpose and to disclose such data to third parties in our discretion.
72. **Sharing of personal data**. We take your privacy very seriously, and will only share your personal information as needed with the entities within the ecosystem to perform the services and in the event if we are legally to meet any legal, regulatory, or governmental request, including but not limited to events when we are compelled to do so by a subpoena, court order, or similar legal procedure.

<span style="text-decoration: underline">
Miscellaneous
</span>

73. **Entire agreement.** These terms represent the entire agreement and supersede all prior and contemporaneous understandings between you and the AqualisDAO regarding the subject matter, especially regarding the AqualisDAO Assets and/or AQL Governance Utility Token. In the event of any conflict between these terms and any other agreement you may have with the AqualisDAO, the terms of that other agreement will prevail only if these terms and conditions are specifically identified and declared to be overridden by such other agreement.
74. **Assignment.** These terms and conditions shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their permitted successors and assigns. You may not assign or transfer any of your rights or obligations under these terms without AqualisDAO’s prior written consent from, including by operation of law or in connection with any change of control. AqualisDAO may assign or transfer any or all of its rights under these terms, in whole or in part, without obtaining your prior written consent or approval.
75. **Act of god events.** AqualisDAO shall not be liable for (1) any inaccuracy, error, delays or omission of (i) any information, or (ii) the transmission or delivery of information; and (2) any loss or damage arising from flood, extraordinary weather conditions, earthquake, or other act of god, fire, war, insurrection, riot, labor dispute or shortage, accident, action of government, pandemic/epidemic, communications, power failure, or equipment or software malfunction or any other cause beyond AqualisDAO’s reasonable control (each, aka “force majeure event”).
76. **Waiver.** AqualisDAO failure or delay in exercising any right, power or privilege under these terms shall not operate as a waiver thereof.

---

*Legal/80328837_1*
